hello how are you selling is one more day
to my channel this time I bring you a
video to tell you about a little trick
to help the growth of our
this video I already uploaded them in a
but I had some problems with
the copyright right with music and
I had to delete it I had to delete it
of the channel because I decided to do it again
this video because I think the issue
will be part of the channel that this video
it has to be in the channel because it 's a
trick lamar of simple but that is
super effective and is that it has to form
part of the channel you have to know what
you have to share what you have to
try it because it's going to help me in
his day helped me helped me get the
eyebrows that I have today if you want to help the
growth of your eyebrows alone
you have to stay with me watching the
video that we need to help
do this trick a little brush
brush of these that sell in the
perfumeries or simply in the Chinese
and if you do not have this brush you can
also use a toothbrush
because the case is that I have the sows
you are here
the second thing we need is the cream
grandmother's lifelong life
the blue fat
that looks like a butter because it 's
that surely you all know her and
It is very cheap because it is sold
same in any supermarket in the
Chinese and not worth more than one euro and peak
this can be done by the
tomorrow as at night but I in my
case he did it only before
go to sleep another very important thing
is that this is good for both
women as for men any type
eyebrow men also have hairs
in the eyebrows as these serve to
women and for men
once we have the eyebrows des
make-up cojemos our cream nivea
and cojemos generously generously one
good goop a good goop that we have
what to do with the goop that we have already
caught where we think our eyebrow
Well, have a little more hair than you
it costs to leave then simply with the
we apply it, for example, that
Eyebrow want to grow you because
the best you have the hair a little more
little
in this area here or for example here
we apply the cream nivea and massage masters
you have to massage
even if you want to massage all over the
all over the eyebrow
it is also good but the case
you go massaging through the areas where
you think that your eyebrow then has
a little more more hair and now what
what we have to do is to comb the
eyebrows because we have to brush well
eyebrows because let's say the cream
leveling itself already helps the growth of
eyebrows but I could check
that brush hairs when styling
the eyebrow once the cream is integrated
level thanks to the brush the product
penetrates as much more in the
hair follicles and I think that
it helps a lot more to penetrate since
the substance that has the idea
make the hair grow much more
quick from my point of view these two
steps are fundamental both the anime
like the little brush because everyone is
help each other and that's what it does
practically that your beautiful as it grows
much faster I got to have the
eyebrow that I have that I have now then in
matter of two months two months two
this is a month and a half
It depends on the hair of each person and
then maybe the caldas we can
but it worked for me and people
that he could recommend know
has also worked for them and that has
gone very well and if you do not believe it then
look at this photo
I hope you liked the video that
I have entertained you to put it in
practice remember that Mary and very happy
if you subscribe to my channel for me
continue here making videos every day with
a lot of strength and because I would love that
become part of my family from my channel
on YouTube and well also, if it has
liked do not forget to share it is to give
I like to leave any comments
that you want to leave me on doubt or
request and good thank you very much and we
we see in the next car